# RadioML
The field of Radio Modulation has been an interesting topicof  research  within  the  Machine  learning  community.  Radio Communication  plays  an  important  role  in  our  lives  as  theworld  becomes  more  and  more  interconnected.  Apart  frombeing so useful in everyday life, they also come with their ownset of unique signal processing challenges. Here we delve intosolving one of them: Radio Modulation Classification. In  Radio  Communication,  modulation  can  be  defined  asthe  process  of  varying  properties  of  the  carrier  signal  thatcontains  some  sort  of  information.  There  are  different  formsof modulations available. In this paper we will be dealing with Analog and Digital modulations.

Analog modulations are usedfor transmitting an analog baseband signal such as a audio/TV signal while digital modulations are used to transmit a digitalbit stream over an analog communication channel.In this paper we discuss a new method of Automatic Modu-lation Classification (AMC). Modulation Classification is vitalfor  extracting  information  out  of  the  carrier  signal  through demodulation. As  we  become  more  and  more  advanced  wemove into a world of a crowded EM spectrum and having to classify each modulation type as accurately as possible is one of the biggest challenges in this field. Computer  Vision  has  been  a  field  which  has  had  greata dvancements  especially  in  the  last  decade  from  develop-ment  of  intelligent  algorithms  to  having  various  high  level APIs/frameworks  especially  tailored  for  deep  learning.  

This has made possible to test out new ideas such as this one fairlyquick and easy.This  paper  attempts  to  explore  the  performance  of  Convo-lutional  Networks  with  time  series  data  in  a  rather  uncon-ventional  way.  We  attempt  to  create  a  new  classifier  using Convolutional  Neural  Networks  which  is  trained  on  and  fedimages generated from the raw I/Q data encoded into imagesusing  Gramian  Angular  Field  (GAF)  and  Markov  TransitionField (MTF). We analyse and compare the performance of ourmethod with other CNN based classifiers in the field.
